if animals are taken in a vehicle, the driver is obliged to
sufficiently secure
Manufacturers offer different stories
for trunk and passenger Straub
the ADAC has now tested such offers first with a 22
Kilogram heavy customer then
The first thing was to stop the shops with easy access to the short circuit
and one with double connection on the test bench
In the crash test, the technology with double bindings proved to be acceptable
and conditionally recommendable
however, with a simple connection, the impact load is simple
not all stand here agree on a complete failure of a system
God Agten with whom the dog was actually attached to the vehicle is complete
breached
which means that there was no restraint and that the goal could be achieved
its entire mass of all our office n-energy here
in the seat we see here a change the fourth formation the
of course the driver here especially in the lumbar spine strong
that's what it means here
Percent injury back area with certainty he has adorned next
place
the next attempt should be
a four kilogram cat lady in the transport box first in the
Footwell behind the front seats
this position proved to be safe and reliable
because the Bugsier has almost no freedom of movement also is the
lateral positioning hardly risk of injury to the animal
extremely critical of the alleged security with the
Vehicle belt Brigitte Fürle and Kurt bracket bursting on impact
Consequence wherever possible the four-legged in the trunk
we see here a team the grid the visible forms
were supported to the ceiling
In the normal accident, of course, we have some protection here
only because who have the high load here fall accident just in the top
Area of ​​the ghetto then of course it can happen that's it he gives
dissolves very easily
and thereby 4 2 not in the interior
here measures the size of the dog allowed
but should also be used here a transport box
important here
the positioning transversely to the direction of travel it loads the animal in the
Trap of an accident least, despite the tireless out
this looks like a change in the formation
the rear seat back
The formation itself testifies is very high load skat these
Straub can be a bit of a trick, though
minimize
by here the three points or closes the thus also still for one
Support Unger own seats per cent and thus all have
even more very simple load securing that costs nothing
Life costs but can be an animal transport
the on every backup
the ADAC has also tested this situation
the four-legged friend on the hat rack
Place at impact with 50 kilometers per hour by the vehicle
a deadly danger to humans and animals
On the other hand, we protect the greatest possible care adheres to the adac tester
balance sheet
you can see clearly
that housing an animal in a box in the trunk
that is the first place
in larger dogs, the cultivation of a separate is still recommended
but for a normal and a normal size so the box is the
safest place
The box should be installed across the vehicle